hello my name is Steven and today I'm
going to talk about The Da Vinci Code
[Music]
Jacques Sauniere Aluva curator is
pursued through the Grand Gallery by an
albino Catholic monk named Silas who
demands the location of the Priory's
Keystone to find and destroy the Holy
Grail
Sonya gives him a false lead and he's
murdered the police find his body posed
like da Vinci's Vitruvian Man police
captain bezu Fache has his lieutenant
jerome : summon american symbologist
robert langdon who is in Paris for a
lecture on the interpretation of symbols
to examine Sonya's body Langdon has
shown the body and a secret message
readable only by a black line it
contains an out-of-order Fibonacci
sequence Sophie Neveu a police
cryptographer and Sonya's granddaughter
tells Langdon that fash planted a
tracker on him after finding the words
PS find Robert Langdon at the end of
Sonya's secret message bash believes
Langdon murdered Sonya sophie throws
away the tracker distracting the police
while they sneak around the louver
finding more clues in Leonardo da
Vinci's works
Langdon deduces that Sonya was the Grand
Master of the Priory of Sion Silas works
for an anonymous person named the
teacher along with members of Opus Dei
led by bishop aringarosa Langdon and
Sophie traveled to the depository Bank
of Zurich and access Sonya's safe
deposit box using the Fibonacci sequence
inside is a cryptex a cylindrical
container that contains a message on
papyrus it can only be opened without
destroying the contents by turning dials
to spell a code word
as police arrived bank manager andré
Vernet helps Langdon and Sophie escape
then attempts to steal the cryptex and
murder them Langdon and Sophie escaped
with the cryptex they visit Langdon's
friend sir leigh teabing a Holy Grail
expert teabing claims the Grail is not a
cup but instead his Mary Magdalene he
says she was not a prostitute but the
wife of Jesus Christ teabing argues that
Mary was pregnant during his crucifixion
and the Priory was formed to protect
their descendants the Opus Dei have been
trying to destroy the Grail to preserve
the credibility of the Vatican later
stylus breaks into t bings house but
teabing who uses crutches uses one to
disable him the group escapes to London
via T beings private plane along with
his Butler Remy Jean they travel to the
temple Church but the clue to unlocking
the cryptex is a red herring
Silas is freed by Remy while claiming to
be the teacher and taking teabing
hostage dumping him in the car trunk and
taking Silas to hide out in an Opus Dei
safehouse teabing who is revealed to be
the teacher later poisons Remy and sends
the police after Silas Silas is shot by
the police after accidentally wounding a
ringa Rosa who is promptly arrested by
fash who resents being used to hunt
Langdon Langdon and Sophie are
confronted by teabing who wants to bring
down the church for centuries of
persecution and deceit the trio goes to
Westminster Abbey to the tomb of Isaac
Newton a former Grand Master of the
Priory teabing demands that the pair
open the cryptex Langdon tries and then
tosses the cryptex into the air T Bing
dives for it catches it but vinegar
dribbles and the papyrus thought
destroyed the police arrived to arrest
teabing who realizes Langdon must have
solved the cryptic sis code and removed
the papyrus the code is revealed to be
Apple after the apocryphal myth of the
Apple which led Newton to discover his
law of universal gravitation
the clue inside the cryptex which tells
of the grail hiding leaf the Rose leads
Langdon and Sophie to Rosslyn Chapel in
Scotland inside the chapel they discover
Magdalenes tomb has been removed
Langdon after searching through
documents realizes that Sophie's family
died in a car crash that store near was
not her grandfather but her protector
and that she is the last descendant of
Jesus Christ the two are greeted by
several members of the Priory including
Sophie's grandmother who promises to
protect her Langdon and Sophie part ways
the former returning to Paris while
shaving he cuts himself and has an
epiphany when his blood curves down the
sink reminding him of the rose line
realizing the true meaning of the
cryptex clue he follows the line to the
louver concluding the Holy Grail the
sarcophagus of Mary Magdalene is hidden
below the pyramid in verse II Langdon
kneels above it thank you all for
watching don't forget to subscribe and
hit the bell notification for more of
these videos
[Music]